a 20 year old woman more than 4
is currently studying Business Administration at the
University in the ring
since my childhood us since I think in Vilnius a giant wave of FC
Bayern Munich
and it would be just amazing if I still play the team
climb
Weidmann now delicious with this club
Below is a video of her Protect the Band today
compiled
should not have been cared for the job as Tiger environment
AZ 2 Sat
so that's me
Here I am once again on the way to the stadium
meanwhile, I have been quite clear several times
Usedom at least five six times
and then say it's like my second living room
once I was even allowed to stand optimally on the holy grass
Of course, when I am in the stadium, I always give everything undeservedly
Team to win cups again »
I did not take a nap with one cup or another
to let
and
This cup finally happens
Bolivia, of course, back again
For a long time I am also at the FC Bayern Fan Club in my hometown
Violence Limburg-Weilburg
the supernova of Bowmore Sound
Christmas party
naturally moved
the two most beautiful games that I have ever seen live in the stadium
the last game it is like that
Zentek master celebration and the moving farewell transmitted by the federal government
and secondly this is game against the Sechzger in the dfb cup
the front-wheel drive him hungry twentieth
decide penalty to be changed
the club with
Of course, in these cases too, I am our national team and
many appearances are
the final whistle with
who the last World Cup and we give you of course also
because firmly represented
for our team
Tillich it will take time
the national team of Bayern Munich
while traveling to Dubai and resume
to learn
and of course the other players
I could only witness it
and you also think that I'm not the right man
now deep unfair competition
Both FC Bayern is just a little passion